World of Tanks features a high level
content mode that allows you to show the
best of your combat skills and
diplomatic talents we call this mode
clan wars clan wars is a global
domination strategy game with in World
of Tanks with thousands of players
fighting over hundreds of territories on
a global scale to join the global tank
war you first have to create your own
clan to do that you must have a team of
at least 15 players with vehicles of
tier 5 and above when your clan is
formed you are ready to march on the
global map jump to the clan wars tab in
your browser you can see that the global
map is divided into many regions the
gray territories do not fall under any
clan and are right for capture while the
color-coded ones belong two clans
already fighting on the map all of the
provinces you control give your clan at
daily income in the gold and are divided
into three types some of the coastal
provinces are the amphibious landing
areas and are the first territories you
need to capture these areas provide
minimum income for your clan common
provinces can be either coastal or
continental and provide a moderate gold
revenue to their owners whereas key
provinces such as Berlin London or
Moscow are of significant importance to
every clan these are the territories
that give the highest gold returns and
controlling them is also a matter of
prestige to enter the global map with
your plan select one of the coastal
provinces indicated by the blue arrows
and put 15 chips from your combat
reserve on that region if the territory
is not occupied you conquer it without
any difficulty if it already has an
owner you must fight for it in a single
battle which is held in the regular
world of tanks game client unlike
company battles fights in clan wars
don't have tier limits so be prepared to
engage top-notch players with their best
vehicles if you are thoroughly prepared
for the battles you'll be victorious and
gain control over the province that will
become your bridgehead for expansion
deep into the continent the chips
mentioned before represent your clans
members to attack another territory move
your chips onto the region you want to
capture the chips change their color
from green to yellow when you move them
this means that you can still cancel
your move within the current turn if you
want to attack the province take
additional chips from your combat
reserve and place them on your landing
territory so that other clans won't be
able to capture it without striking a
blow when you activate one of your
provinces that has chips on it arrows of
different colors spread from it to
adjacent territories green arrows
indicate that you can move chips to an
adjacent region red arrows show that you
can declare an attack on an enemy
province black arrows denote your
inability to move chips into an area you
can move your chips to adjacent
provinces only once per day measured in
real time so choose carefully where you
want to move your forces while you are
planning to capture an enemy territory
other clans can encroach on your lands
when someone declares an attack on one
of your regions a sword and shield
appears on it selecting the province
shows you the direction from which the
attack is coming you can also see the
name of the attacking clan in the menu
below the map plan Wars uses fog of war
to hide information about your enemy's
strength in adjacent territories you can
find out how many chips enemies have in
their provinces by conducting
reconnaissance
if your intelligence operation succeeds
you are told the number of chips located
on the province as well as whether the
region holds the enemy's headquarters
note that you cannot conduct
intelligence operations in provinces
that you have already declared attacks
on clan wars also features diplomatic
opportunities for clan leaders you can
make non-aggression pacts and sign
treaties including financial transport
and military agreements that may benefit
both you and your allies all of this
turns your activities on the global map
into a full-scale political and military
career where your effective resource
management and strategic insight will
allow you to build your own steel Empire
to dominate the world of tanks